Before Princess heal Jaguar Knight, it is likely that Princess likes Jaguar Knight.
Before Princess heal Jaguar Knight,  Jaguar Knight has caused Jaguar Knight's health to be at risk.
After Princess heal Jaguar Knight, it is likely that Jaguar Knight really likes Princess.
After Princess heal Jaguar Knight,  Jaguar Knight has caused Jaguar Knight's health to no longer be at risk.

Before Enemy kidnap Princess, it is likely that Enemy hates Princess.
Before Enemy kidnap Princess,  Princess has caused Princess's life to be at risk.
Before Enemy kidnap Princess,  Princess has caused Princess to be a prisoner.
After Enemy kidnap Princess, it is likely that Princess hates Enemy.

Before Enemy tie_up Princess, it is likely that Enemy hates Princess.
Before Enemy tie_up Princess,  Princess has caused Princess to be a prisoner.
Before Enemy tie_up Princess,  Princess has caused Princess's life to be at risk.
After Enemy tie_up Princess, it is likely that Princess hates Enemy.

Before Enemy attack Princess, it is likely that Enemy hates Princess.
Before Enemy attack Princess,  Princess has caused Princess's life to be at risk.
After Enemy attack Princess, it is likely that Princess hates Enemy.

Before Jaguar Knight search Enemy, it is likely that Jaguar Knight likes Enemy.
Before Jaguar Knight search Enemy,  Enemy has caused Princess to be a prisoner.
Before Jaguar Knight search Enemy,  Enemy has caused Princess's life to be at risk.
After Jaguar Knight search Enemy, it is likely that Jaguar Knight really likes Enemy.

Before Jaguar Knight attack Enemy, it is likely that Jaguar Knight really likes Enemy.
Before Jaguar Knight attack Enemy,  Enemy has caused Princess's life to be at risk.
Before Jaguar Knight attack Enemy,  Enemy has caused Princess to be a prisoner.
After Jaguar Knight attack Enemy, it is likely that Enemy really likes Jaguar Knight.

Before Jaguar Knight liberate Princess, it is likely that Jaguar Knight really likes Princess.
Before Jaguar Knight liberate Princess,  Enemy has caused Princess to be a prisoner.
Before Jaguar Knight liberate Princess,  Enemy has caused Princess's life to be at risk.
After Jaguar Knight liberate Princess, it is likely that Princess really likes Jaguar Knight.
After Jaguar Knight liberate Princess,  Enemy has caused Princess to no longer be a prisoner.
After Jaguar Knight liberate Princess,  Enemy has caused Princess's life to no longer be at risk.

Before Princess kiss Jaguar Knight, it is likely that Princess is deeply in love with Jaguar Knight.
After Princess kiss Jaguar Knight, it is likely that Princess is deeply in love with Jaguar Knight.

Before Princess realize_identity Jaguar Knight, it is likely that Princess dislikes Jaguar Knight.
After Princess realize_identity Jaguar Knight, it is likely that Princess hates Jaguar Knight.

Before Princess kill Jaguar Knight, it is likely that Princess hates Jaguar Knight.
Before Princess kill Jaguar Knight,  Jaguar Knight has caused Jaguar Knight to die.
After Princess kill Jaguar Knight, it is likely that Princess hates Jaguar Knight.

