Before Stepmother argues with Father, it is likely that Father hates Stepmother.
Before Stepmother argues with Father,  Father has caused Stepmother's life to be at risk.
After Stepmother argues with Father, it is likely that Stepmother hates Father.
After Stepmother argues with Father,  nobody has caused anybody's life to be at risk.

Before Gretel weeps because of Stepmother, it is likely that Gretel dislikes Stepmother.
Before Gretel weeps because of Stepmother,  nobody has caused anybody's life to be at risk.
After Gretel weeps because of Stepmother, it is likely that Gretel hates Stepmother.
After Gretel weeps because of Stepmother,  nobody has caused anybody's life to be at risk.

Before Hansel comforts Gretel, it is likely that Hansel really likes Gretel.
Before Hansel comforts Gretel,  nobody has caused anybody's life to be at risk.
After Hansel comforts Gretel, it is likely that Gretel really likes Hansel.
After Hansel comforts Gretel,  nobody has caused anybody's life to no longer be at risk.

After Hansel gathers pebbles,  Hansel has caused anybody's life to no longer be at risk.

Before Stepmother abandons children, it is likely that children hates Stepmother.
Before Stepmother abandons children,  children has caused Stepmother's life to be at risk.
After Stepmother abandons children, it is likely that Stepmother hates children.
After Stepmother abandons children,  nobody has caused anybody's life to be at risk.

After Hansel and Gretel follow pebbles,  Hansel and Gretel has caused anybody's life to no longer be at risk.

Before Stepmother argues with Father, it is likely that Father hates Stepmother.
Before Stepmother argues with Father,  Father has caused Stepmother's life to be at risk.
After Stepmother argues with Father, it is likely that Stepmother hates Father.
After Stepmother argues with Father,  nobody has caused anybody's life to be at risk.

After Hansel scatters breadcrumbs,  Hansel has caused anybody's life to no longer be at risk.

Before Stepmother abandons children, it is likely that children hates Stepmother.
Before Stepmother abandons children,  children has caused Stepmother's life to be at risk.
After Stepmother abandons children, it is likely that Stepmother hates children.
After Stepmother abandons children,  nobody has caused anybody's life to be at risk.

Before Witch captures Hansel, it is likely that Witch hates Hansel.
Before Witch captures Hansel,  Witch has caused Hansel to be a prisoner.
Before Witch captures Hansel,  Witch has caused Hansel's health to be at risk.
After Witch captures Hansel, it is likely that Hansel hates Witch.
After Witch captures Hansel,  Witch has caused Hansel to be a prisoner.
After Witch captures Hansel,  Witch has caused Hansel's health to be at risk.

Before Witch imprisons Hansel, it is likely that Witch hates Hansel.
Before Witch imprisons Hansel,  Witch has caused Hansel to be a prisoner.
After Witch imprisons Hansel, it is likely that Hansel hates Witch.
After Witch imprisons Hansel,  Witch has caused Hansel to be a prisoner.

Before Witch tempts Gretel, it is likely that Witch dislikes Gretel.
Before Witch tempts Gretel,  Witch has caused Gretel's life to be at risk.
Before Witch tempts Gretel,  Witch has caused Gretel's health to be at risk.
After Witch tempts Gretel, it is likely that Gretel hates Witch.
After Witch tempts Gretel,  nobody has caused anybody's life to be at risk.
After Witch tempts Gretel,  nobody has caused anybody's health to be at risk.

Before Gretel kills Witch, it is likely that Gretel hates Witch.
Before Gretel kills Witch,  nobody has caused anybody's life to be at risk.
Before Gretel kills Witch,  Witch has caused Gretel to be a prisoner.
After Gretel kills Witch, it is likely that Gretel hates Witch.
After Gretel kills Witch,  Gretel has caused Witch to die.
After Gretel kills Witch,  nobody has caused anybody to no longer be a prisoner.
After Gretel kills Witch,  nobody has caused anybody's life to no longer be at risk.

After Hansel and Gretel escapes,  nobody has caused anybody to no longer be a prisoner.

Before Hansel and Gretel return home to Father, it is likely that Hansel and Gretel likes Father.
After Hansel and Gretel return home to Father, it is likely that Hansel and Gretel really likes Father.

